CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Uniswap interface! 🦄

# Development

Before running anything, you'll need to install the dependencies:

```
yarn install
```

## Running the interface locally

```
yarn start
```

The interface should automatically open. If it does not, navigate to [http://localhost:3000].

## Creating a production build

```
yarn build
```

To serve the production build:

```
yarn serve
```

Then, navigate to [http://localhost:3000] to see it.

## Running unit tests

```
yarn test
```

By default, this runs only unit tests that have been affected since the last commit. To run _all_ unit tests:

```
yarn test --watchAll
```

## Running integration tests (cypress)

Integration tests require a server to be running. In order to see your changes quickly, run `start` in its own tab/window:

```
yarn start
```

Integration tests are run using `cypress`. When developing locally, use `cypress:open` for an interactive UI, and to inspect the rendered page:

```
yarn cypress:open
```

To run _all_ cypress integration tests _from the command line_:

```
yarn cypress:run
```

## Engineering standards

Code merged into the `main` branch of this repository should adhere to high standards of correctness and maintainability.
Use your best judgment when applying these standards. If code is in the critical path, will be frequently visited, or
makes large architectural changes, consider following all the standards.

- Have at least one engineer approve of large code refactorings
- At least manually test small code changes, prefer automated tests
- Thoroughly unit test when code is not obviously correct
- If something breaks, add automated tests so it doesn't break again
- Add integration tests for new pages or flows
- Verify that all CI checks pass before merging
- Have at least one product manager or designer approve of any significant UX changes

## Guidelines

The following points should help guide your development:

- Security: the interface is safe to use
  - Avoid adding unnecessary dependencies due to [supply chain risk](https://github.com/LavaMoat/lavamoat#further-reading-on-software-supplychain-security)
- Reproducibility: anyone can build the interface
  - Avoid adding steps to the development/build processes
  - The build must be deterministic, i.e. a particular commit hash always produces the same build
- Decentralization: anyone can run the interface
  - An Ethereum node should be the only critical dependency
  - All other external dependencies should only enhance the UX ([graceful degradation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Graceful_degradation))
- Accessibility: anyone can use the interface
  - The interface should be responsive, small and also run well on low performance devices (majority of swaps on mobile!)

## Release process

Releases are cut automatically from the `main` branch Monday-Thursday in the morning according to the [release workflow](./.github/workflows/release.yaml).

Fix pull requests should be merged whenever ready and tested.
If a fix is urgently needed in production, releases can be manually triggered on [GitHub](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-interface/actions/workflows/release.yaml)
after the fix is merged into `main`.

Features should not be merged into `main` until they are ready for users.
When building larger features or collaborating with other developers, create a new branch from `main` to track its development.
Use the automatic Vercel preview for sharing the feature to collect feedback.  
When the feature is ready for review, create a new pull request from the feature branch into `main` and request reviews from
the appropriate UX reviewers (PMs or designers).

## Finding a first issue

Start with issues with the label
[`good first issue`](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-interface/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22).

# Translations

Uniswap uses [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/uniswap-interface) for managing translations.
[This workflow](./.github/workflows/crowdin.yaml) uploads new strings for translation to the Crowdin project whenever code using the [lingui translation macros](https://lingui.js.org/ref/macro.html) is merged into `main`.

Every hour, translations are synced back down from Crowdin to the repository in [this other workflow](./.github/workflows/crowdin-sync.yaml).
We sync to the repository on a schedule, rather than download translations at build time, so that builds are always reproducible.

You can contribute by joining Crowdin to proofread existing translations [here](https://crowdin.com/project/uniswap-interface/invite?d=93i5n413q403t4g473p443o4c3t2g3s21343u2c3n403l4b3v2735353i4g4k4l4g453j4g4o4j4e4k4b323l4a3h463s4g453q443m4e3t2b303s2a35353l403o443v293e303k4g4n4r4g483i4g4r4j4e4o473i5n4a3t463t4o4)

Or, ask to join us as a translator in the Discord!!

Commit message:

test: enforce package size (#4098)
* build: use fewer babel versions

* build: dedup

* test: test deps dedups

* fix: test.yml

* fix: typo

* test: failing

* fix: dedup

* fix: dedup

* test: comment dedup tests

* chore: whitespace

* test: package size

* build: scripts

* test: update test-size

* docs: CONTRIBUTING

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Uniswap interface! 🦄

# Development

Before running anything, you'll need to install the dependencies:

```
yarn install
```

## Running the interface locally

```
yarn start
```

The interface should automatically open. If it does not, navigate to [http://localhost:3000].

## Creating a production build

```
yarn build
```

To serve the production build:

```
yarn serve
```

Then, navigate to [http://localhost:3000] to see it.

## Running unit tests

```
yarn test
```

By default, this runs only unit tests that have been affected since the last commit. To run _all_ unit tests:

```
yarn test --watchAll
```

## Running integration tests (cypress)

Integration tests require a server to be running. In order to see your changes quickly, run `start` in its own tab/window:

```
yarn start
```

Integration tests are run using `cypress`. When developing locally, use `cypress:open` for an interactive UI, and to inspect the rendered page:

```
yarn cypress:open
```

To run _all_ cypress integration tests _from the command line_:

```
yarn cypress:run
```

## Adding a new dependency

Adding many new dependencies would cause bloat, so we have a test to guard against this: `scripts/test-size.js`. This will run as part of CI with every PR.

If you *need* to add a new dependency, and it causes the generated build to exceed its size quota, you'll need to increase the quota. Do so in `scripts/test-size.js`.

You can also run the test on your last build using `yarn build && yarn test:size`. If you exceed the size quota, it will let you know what to do :).

## Engineering standards

Code merged into the `main` branch of this repository should adhere to high standards of correctness and maintainability.
Use your best judgment when applying these standards. If code is in the critical path, will be frequently visited, or
makes large architectural changes, consider following all the standards.

- Have at least one engineer approve of large code refactorings
- At least manually test small code changes, prefer automated tests
- Thoroughly unit test when code is not obviously correct
- If something breaks, add automated tests so it doesn't break again
- Add integration tests for new pages or flows
- Verify that all CI checks pass before merging
- Have at least one product manager or designer approve of any significant UX changes

## Guidelines

The following points should help guide your development:

- Security: the interface is safe to use
  - Avoid adding unnecessary dependencies due to [supply chain risk](https://github.com/LavaMoat/lavamoat#further-reading-on-software-supplychain-security)
- Reproducibility: anyone can build the interface
  - Avoid adding steps to the development/build processes
  - The build must be deterministic, i.e. a particular commit hash always produces the same build
- Decentralization: anyone can run the interface
  - An Ethereum node should be the only critical dependency
  - All other external dependencies should only enhance the UX ([graceful degradation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Graceful_degradation))
- Accessibility: anyone can use the interface
  - The interface should be responsive, small and also run well on low performance devices (majority of swaps on mobile!)

## Release process

Releases are cut automatically from the `main` branch Monday-Thursday in the morning according to the [release workflow](./.github/workflows/release.yaml).

Fix pull requests should be merged whenever ready and tested.
If a fix is urgently needed in production, releases can be manually triggered on [GitHub](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-interface/actions/workflows/release.yaml)
after the fix is merged into `main`.

Features should not be merged into `main` until they are ready for users.
When building larger features or collaborating with other developers, create a new branch from `main` to track its development.
Use the automatic Vercel preview for sharing the feature to collect feedback.  
When the feature is ready for review, create a new pull request from the feature branch into `main` and request reviews from
the appropriate UX reviewers (PMs or designers).

## Finding a first issue

Start with issues with the label
[`good first issue`](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-interface/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22).

# Translations

Uniswap uses [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/uniswap-interface) for managing translations.
[This workflow](./.github/workflows/crowdin.yaml) uploads new strings for translation to the Crowdin project whenever code using the [lingui translation macros](https://lingui.js.org/ref/macro.html) is merged into `main`.

Every hour, translations are synced back down from Crowdin to the repository in [this other workflow](./.github/workflows/crowdin-sync.yaml).
We sync to the repository on a schedule, rather than download translations at build time, so that builds are always reproducible.

You can contribute by joining Crowdin to proofread existing translations [here](https://crowdin.com/project/uniswap-interface/invite?d=93i5n413q403t4g473p443o4c3t2g3s21343u2c3n403l4b3v2735353i4g4k4l4g453j4g4o4j4e4k4b323l4a3h463s4g453q443m4e3t2b303s2a35353l403o443v293e303k4g4n4r4g483i4g4r4j4e4o473i5n4a3t463t4o4)

Or, ask to join us as a translator in the Discord!!
